[IMP] rental: added saas-19.1 updates (#15998)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/rental/products.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings` and in the
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   pickup and dropoff of their bikes. The company wants to track its bikes accurately at each
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Process a rental order pickup
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rental products. Verify the list, then click :guilabel:`Validate` to move the order to the :guilabel:`Done` stage.
```

Reviewer: just double checking, `Pickedup` is one word?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a customer picks up rental products, navigate to the corresponding rental order, click
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To print pickup and return receipts, navigate to the appropriate rental order, click the
```

.. image:: products/rental-settings.png
   :alt: The Rental setting view in the Rental app.

In the **Rental** section, tick the :guilabel:`Rental Transfers` checkbox.

.. important::
   If the product has multiple rental rates, the **Sales** app is required, and

>    :guilabel:`Pricelists` must be enabled.

Reviewer 2: Hello @meval1006 , this is not true in 19.1. Pricelists are active by default with the rental App. But this convinced me that we should also add the setting (and a few others like Variants, Discount and Loyalties) in the Rental App though.

Number` from the drop-down menu. For the :guilabel:`Category` field, select :guilabel:`Goods` from
the drop-down menu or create a new category by typing in the name and clicking :guilabel:`Create`.

Rental periods and pricing
--------------------------

To assign multiple rental rates for a product, set up the base rental rate and then use pricelists
for additional rental rates.

.. important::

>    Due to the need for priceslists, the **Sales** app must be installed and :guilabel:`Pricelists`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In order to set a pricelist for additional rental rates, the **Sales** app must be installed and :guilabel:`Pricelists`
```

:guilabel:`Rental period` field.

To adjust the rental duration, click the first date in the :guilabel:`Rental period` field, and
select the range of dates and times to represent the rental duration from the pop-up calendar form
that appears.

.. image:: products/rental-period-field-popup.png
   :alt: Sample of a rental period calendar pop-up window in the Odoo Rental application.

Once complete, click :guilabel:`Apply` in the calendar pop-up form. Next, add a rental product in
the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab by clicking :guilabel:`Add a product` and selecting the desired
rental product to add to the form.

.. note::
   If a rental product is added *before* the :guilabel:`Rental period` field has been properly
   configured, the user can *still* adjust the :guilabel:`Rental period` field accordingly.

   Select the desired range of dates to represent the duration of the rental, then click the

>    :guilabel:`Update Rental Prices` link.

Author: I will just remove 'link'.

invoice` from the :guilabel:`Create invoice(s)` window and click :guilabel:`Create Draft`.

.. image:: products/create-invoices.png
   :alt: Sample of Create invoices window in th Rental app.

> If all the details are correct, click :guilabel:`Confirm` and click :guilabel:`Send` to email the

Reviewer: split sentence by case, i.e.:

If all the details are correct, click **Confirm** and click **Send** to email the invoice to the customer. For in-person transactions, click **Print** and then click **Pay**.

In the **Pay** pop-up window, select a Journal and click **Create Payment**.

invoice to the customer, or :guilabel:`Print` and then click :guilabel:`Pay` if the customer is in
person. In the :guilabel:`Pay` pop-up window, select a :guilabel:`Journal` and click
:guilabel:`Create Payment`.

.. image:: products/pay-page.png
   :alt: Sample of the Pay page in the Rental app.

Click on the :guilabel:`Payments` smart button that appears at the top of the rental order. Click

> :guilabel:`Validate` on the Payment page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Validate` to complete the payment.
```

Odoo has the ability to request the customer sign a rental agreement, outlining the arrangement
between the company and customer, *before* they pick up the rental products. Such documents can
ensure everything is returned on time and in its original condition.

.. note::

>    Requesting a signature can be done during any stage of the order. This feature also requires the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The customer signature can be requested during any stage of the order. This feature requires the
```

.. image:: products/new-signature-request-form.png
   :alt: The New Signature Request pop-up window that appears in the Odoo Rental application.

.. tip::
   If the agreement is configured to require the user's signature, a :guilabel:`Sign Now` button
   displays. The user will be able to add their signature via the **Sign** app integration before
   sending it off to the customer.

> A link to the signature request will appear in the record's chatter. The document is accessible to

Reviewer: not sure if we have convention, but "record" feels unnecessary if CX already knows what chatter is

the customer via the customer portal or email.

When the customer clicks :guilabel:`Sign document`, a separate page is then revealed, showcasing the

> document to be signed. The customer begins the process by clicking :guilabel:`Click to start`. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
document to be signed. The customer uses the :guilabel:`Click to start` button to begin the process. The
```

Return products
===============

> When a customer returns products, navigate to the desired rental order and click :guilabel:`Return`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a customer returns rental products, navigate to the corresponding rental order and click :guilabel:`Return`.
```

The **Rental** app displays a warehouse receipt form listing the checked-out rental products.

Enter the same number of products the customer returned in the :guilabel:`Quantity` column. If any

> of the products have serial numbers, enter them into the :guilabel:`Serial Numbers` column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the products have serial numbers, enter them in the :guilabel:`Serial Numbers` column.
```
